README.md, before:

# Data Science Portfolio for Michael Perrine

### About Me
Hello my name is Michael Perrine and I have a background in finance where I spent 10 years in planning and advice. I earned my bachelors degree from The Universityof Texas at San Antonio. I am graduating from Bellevue University with a masters degree in data science. This portfolio encompasses the body of work that I've compiled during my 1 1/2 years as a student. My goal is to create a portfolio of realistic use cases to show case my skills as a data scientist. The portfolio is an evolving body of work that will showcase a variety of use cases. I welcome feedback on ways to improve my work. Thank you for viewing my portfolio.

In my spare time I enjoy spending time with my wife and four cats. I am originally from Kansas City Mo. and yes a lifelong Chiefs fan. When possible I will disappear to the golf course for a round or two. What I love about data science is the continual evolution of the career and the need to continue to learn and grow my skills. I have an interest in computer vision and deep learning. An area that I plan on spending time after graduation.

### Work/Projects
##### Sales Analysis
- In this section I ran an analysis on synthetic data. The goal of the analysis is to understand the factors that contribute to predicting sales projections. Within the analysis I examined the effects of sales staff, products, and sales figures to project future sales.
##### Fraud Detection
-
##### Stock Analysis


### Contact

Commit message:

Fix typos and enhance project descriptions in README
Corrected typos and improved clarity in project descriptions.

README.md, after:

# Data Science Portfolio for Michael Perrine

### About Me
Hello my name is Michael Perrine and I have a background in finance where I spent 10 years in planning and advice. I earned my bachelors degree from The Universityof Texas at San Antonio. I am graduating from Bellevue University with a masters degree in data science. This portfolio encompasses the body of work that I've compiled during my 1 1/2 years as a student. My goal is to create a portfolio of realistic use cases to show case my skills as a data scientist. The portfolio is an evolving body of work that will showcase a variety of use cases. I welcome feedback on ways to improve my work. Thank you for viewing my portfolio.

In my spare time I enjoy spending time with my wife and four cats. I am originally from Kansas City Mo. and yes a lifelong Chiefs fan. When possible I will disappear to the golf course for a round or two. What I love about data science is the continual evolution of the career and the need to continue to learn and grow my skills. I have an interest in computer vision and deep learning. An area that I plan on spending time after graduation.

### Work/Projects
##### Sales Analysis
- In this section I ran an analysis on synthetic data. The goal of the analysis is to understand the factors that contribute to predicting sales projections. Within the analysis I examined the effects of sales staff, products, and sales figures to project future sales.
##### Fraud Detection
- In this project I used synthetic data to analyze tranaction data to identify fraudulent transactons. To accompolish this goal I completed a series of transformations. To complete the analysis I built a pipeline and ran a logistic regression. In additon I used the data to build an app to identify a fraudulent transaction.
##### Stock Analysis
- This analysis focuses on D Wave a quantum computing stock. Understanding stock movement is crucial to making investment decisions. The data is collected from Alpha Vantage a third party site that provides stock data. In the analysis I examined the stock movement over the course of the last four years. In addition I collected the SMA, the lower, middle, and upper bollinger bands. I also calculated the sharp ratio. Finally I ran a random forest regression analysis using XG Boost.

### Contact
##### LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-w-perrine
##### Email
mchlperrine@yahoo.com
##### Phone Number
210-343-9973
